Hi friends
In this video we are going to discuss about the
continue statement in C
So the continue statement is mostly used inside loops
So whenever a continue statement is encountered inside a loop,
it skips the next statements of the loop. stop
The current iteration and control goes to the beginning of
the loop
Now let us see the syntax of continue
It's just writing the word continue followed by a  semicolon.
now let us see a sample programme to understand the working
of continue statement
So we have the main function and we have an
integer variable declaration
For i. then we have the for loop
for(i=1; i less than = 5 ;i++ )and inside the
for loop is an if statement
If i=2 or i=4 continue now i=1
It checks the condition whether i less than or equal to 5
it is true
So it will go inside the loop and we have
If i=2 or i=4 it
will return false since i=1
So it will skip the continue statement and print one
and increment i
Now i=2 So the first iteration is
over
Now it checks  the condition i less than =5
It is true
So control goes inside and we have
if i=2 or i=4 and it will return
true since i=2 now
So it will execute the continue statement which will skip
the next print statement and goes back to the start
of the loop and increment i
And now i=3
Now it checks the condition again whether i less than =5
which is true
So it will go inside
And if condition fails since i=3 So it
will skip the continue statement and print three and increment i
now i equal to four
Now the condition is checked again and 4 less than 5
So the control goes inside the for loop and check
the if condition which is true
So it will execute the continue statement
So it skips the next statement of the loop which
is a printf statement and goes back to the
start of the loop and increment i and i becomes
five
Now Now we check the condition i less than = 5
which is true since i=5 now
So it goes inside
And if condition fails so it prints five and will
increment i
So i=6
Now now when it checks the condition whether i is less
than or equal to five
It will fail
So the control comes out of the for loop and
execute the return zero statement
So this programme will print the numbers continuously from 1
to 5 except two and four
So that's all and thank you for watching this video